add MySQL support for RDS + improve docs (#431)
localstack/docs: content/en/user-guide/aws/rds/index.md

The `describe-db-cluster` and `describe-db-instances` calls will still return the `engine-version` as it was defined for the creation, but the actual installed postgres engine could be different. This is important, e.g., when using a terraform configuration, as it should not detect changes in that case.
{{< /alert >}}

### MariaDB Engine

MariaDB will be installed as OS package in LocalStack. Currently, it is not possible to freely select a specific version. 

Snapshots are currently not supported for MariaDB.

### MySQL Engine

> By default we use MariaDB for when requesting the engine MySQL as well. 

Reviewer: tiny nit suggestion:
```suggestion
By default, a MariaDB installation is used when requesting a MySQL engine type. 
```

If you wish to use a real MySQL version, you can do so by setting the environment variable `RDS_MYSQL_DOCKER=Y`. With this feature enabled, MySQL community server will be started in a new docker container when requesting the MySQL engine. The `engine-version` will be used as the tag for the image, meaning you can freely select the desired MySQL version.

In case you want to use a special image, you can also set the environment variable `MYSQL_IMAGE=<my-image:tag>`.

> Please not that the `MYSQL_ROOT_PASSWORD` for user `root` in the MySQL container will be the same as you set as `MasterUserPassword`. The user for `MasterUserName` will use the same password, and will have full access to the defined database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that the `MasterUserPassword` defined for the database cluster/instance will be used as the `MYSQL_ROOT_PASSWORD` environment for user `root` in the MySQL container. The user for `MasterUserName` will use the same password, and will have full access to the defined database.
```

> Snapshots are currently not supported for MySQL.

Reviewer: nit: (to avoid potential confusion with snapshot tests):
```suggestion
DB Snapshots are currently not supported for MySQL.
```

### MSSQL Engine

{{< alert title="Note" >}}
In order to use MSSQL databases, you need to explicitly accept the [Microsoft SQL Server End-User Licensing Agreement (EULA)](https://hub.docker.com/_/microsoft-mssql-server) by setting `MSSQL_ACCEPT_EULA=Y` in the LocalStack container environment.
{{< /alert >}}

> For MSSQL engine, the database server started in a new docker container using the `latest` image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the MSSQL engine, the database server is started in a new docker container using the `latest` image.
```

> Snapshots are currently not supported for MSSQL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DB Snapshots are currently not supported for MSSQL.
```
